Reid Collins Brooklyn · New York · 646-250-2869 · hihelloreid@gmail.com · hihelloreid.com Programming Languages Perl, Python, Ruby, bash Data Storage MySQL, Hive, SQL*Loader, Postgres, MongoDB Agile Methodologies SDLC (requirements gathering, user stories, release planning), CSM (Scrum & Kanban), Jira, Confuence, Bitbucket, OpsGenie Deployment/Tools Heroku, AWS (EC2 & S3), Git, Puppet EXPERIENCE Cheetah Digital 2019 to Present Technical Program Manager · Work closely with members of the Product team and the business at large to ensure development work aligns with roadmap priorities and critical client needs · Act as the day-to-day Agile Scrum Master for the Cheetahmail platform: conducting daily stand- ups, coaching the team in the proper use of tracking tools such as Jira, ensuring team members are following appropriate processes, leading bi-weekly demos, etc... · Writing code as needed when dev resources are stretched thin · Working closely with members of the SRE / infrastructure team to ensure the platform(s) remain stable, scalable and efcient. · Coordinate with Technical Services and Product teams to implement cross platform data fows · Lead annual Holiday Swat team to ensure platform reliability/performance for retail clients leading up to Black Friday and Cyber Monday Cheetah Digital 2015 to 2019 Software Developer/Scrum Master · Scrum master for two teams, transitioning from Waterfall to Scrum methodology · Facilitate all scrum ceremonies: standup, grooming, planning, review, retrospectives. · Own/maintain team backlogs, adjusting priorities according to stakeholder input. · Maintain Epics and Stories in Jira, breaking Stories into subtasks, and writing user acceptance criteria. · Collaborate with release, network, and database engineers on production deployment plans: server classes involved, services to be stopped/started, database migrations required, etc... · Communicate directly with clients for urgently escalated issues to better understand business requirements. · Take coding tasks when team resources are stretched thin. Bespoke Global MARCH 2014 Software Developer (CONTRACT) · Rework Bespoke's single page checkout into a multipage process: checkout, shipping, billing and review pages.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Reid Collins Brooklyn · New York · 646-250-2869 · hihelloreid@gmail.com · hihelloreid.com · Validate steps in the checkout process using state machine logic · Create new haml partials for order displays · Hone the logic of product display throughout the checkout process Cheetahmail, An Experian Company 2011 to 2013 Software Developer, Platform Team · Speed reporting of email marketing campaigns by utilizing SQL*Loader to load high volume ad click/transaction data fles into the database. Critical feature for account teams to speed subsequent campaigns. · Implement Memcached to speed application performance. Work with database team to identify common bottlenecks, introducing Memcached to reduce the number of database queries. · Audit application for potential cross site scripting vulnerabilities and fx where needed. Work closely with Cheetahmail's fnancial clients to address their specifc concerns preventing contract renewals. · Liaise with QA engineers and Release teams to devise tests for software rollouts and fxed bugs when necessary. Assist in diferentiating between code bugs and irregularities in virtual test environments. Cheetahmail, An Experian Company 2008 to 2010 Software Developer, Client Development Team · Design and implement remarketing campaigns for clients. Build automated import processes that parse client data feeds from Coremetrics, Google Analytics, and Omniture to capture abandoned cart users, browsing customers, etc... · Build automated process to convert customer's nightly inventory feeds from text or XML fles into a usable CDB or BerkeleyDB. Contents of these databases could then be dynamically inserted into mailing content via Cheetahmail API. · Design automated report to measure attrition rate of client's subscriber lists. Compare client's incoming data fles against bounced/unsubscribe addresses. · Integration of client data imports/exports. Work closely with clients to design and implement customized solutions, aggregating performance metrics on a daily, weekly, monthly, or quarterly basis to synch with client or 3 rd party database. · Occasionally attend sales calls to explain complex technical/issues to prospective clients. Onboard new clients and assist with the integration of Cheetahmail's API suite. Education Bachelor of Arts, Tulane University, 05/1998 Major: International Relations